---
author: Solomon Rubin
title: "RITLUG vF17.1 - Welcome!"
layout: post
---

Howdy Luggers!

Whether you're part of the RITLUG Family or just joining us for the first time, welcome! 

It's that time of year, school has started and that means Linux and Open Source is calling. For the first meeting of the year we will be doing a relaxed meeting to just introduce everyone and help give folks an idea of what RITLUG is all about! You'll be able to learn about what we do week to week and also about what we do outside of club hours such as **projects** or even just **hanging out**.
We understand that starting a new school is a big deal and can be stressful, so we will keeping it low key and stress free! 

Please feel free to bring any projects, linux questions, or really anything with you to the meeting. This is as much a time for us to introduce ourselves as it is a time for you to introduce yourself.

####  tl;dr 

* Time/date: Friday, Sept 1st, 2017, 4pm - 6pm (**GOL/70-2650**)
* Talk:      Welcome to RITLUG!

#### Come say hello to us!

RITlug is in a variety of places, but the best way to keep in touch with the community is via the Telegram group and/or IRC channel. The bridge between the two keeps the chats synchronized. Conversations are active daily and there's all kinds of interesting discussion happening on a wide variety of topics, from Linux to software to co-op advice to random topics. You can also find us on Facebook as well (but not much is happening there!).

* Website:  http://ritlug.com
* Telegram: https://telegram.me/ritlugclub
* IRC:      {{site.social.irc}}
* Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/groups/RITLUG/

If you join, make sure to say hello and let us know you're here!

To make sure you're in the loop with what's happening with RITlug, make sure you're a member of our mailing list. This is the best way to receive future updates on what we're up to and where you can find us.

**{{site.social.mailinglist}}**

Good luck with your first week of classes, we're looking forward to meeting everyone! Feel free to reach out if you have comments, questions, or concerns. And as always… keep the FOSS flag high!


Stay Fossy Folks,
-  Solomon Rubin (Serubin)
