---
author: Jeffery Russell (@jrtechs)
title: "Pi Fest"
layout: post-event
date-start: "2019-10-25 16:30"
date-end: "2019-10-25 18:00"
location: "GOL-2620 (Med. DB Lab)"
---

Hey Ritluggers,

This week we will be exploring all the wonderful things you can do with Raspberry Pis.
We will go over some Pi 101 things and then dive into demoing some of our favorite Raspberry pi projects.
If anyone in the club has a Raspberry Pi, feel free to bring it with you to the club this Friday.

Tomorrow (Thursday) there will be a "pizza social" during FOSS hours where we are meeting and greeting FOSS students faculty and alums.
Everyone is welcome to come, FOSS hours are held weekly on Thursdays from 5-7 PM in Magic Center 3190.
This weekend, FOSS at Magic is hosting The Future Is Open conference which is the first-ever open-source conference at RIT.
RITlug will be helping host three events/talks, there will be **more free pizza**, and there are dozens of guest speakers coming.
This event is all day Saturday (10 AM-5 PM) in the Magic center -- we got the entire building reserved for this event!
RSVP to the event using [this link](https://www.eventbrite.co.uk/e/the-future-is-open-2019-tickets-75016553531).

GCCIS is hosting a Halloween costume next week.
RITlug will have a table there where we will be advertising our club, so feel free to swing by our table and check out some of the other cool GCCIS clubs.
Rumor has it that the winner of this year's costume competition will be getting a Raspberry Pi, so be sure to come with your best costumes. 

I hope to see you all at this week's meeting!

- Jeffery Russell (@jrtechs)


**Upcoming Events:**

* [The Future Is Open](https://fossrit.github.io/events/2019/10/26/the-future-is-open/): October 26th
* [Rochester Maker Faire](https://rochester.makerfaire.com/): November 23rd
* FOSS Hours: Thursdays 5:00-7:00pm Magic Center 3190
