---
author: Simon Kadesh
title: "Week #10: Zig (Also, announcement about elections, lightning talks, and Imagine RIT)"
layout: post-event
date-start: "2025-03-21 16:30"
date-end: "2025-03-21 18:00"
location: "GOL-1445"
---

Hello everyone!

Do you like writing programs? Do you think that C kind of sucks? If so, then this may be the talk for you. This week, Ian will be presenting about Zig, a systems programming language that is more sensible than C, but not as strict as Rust.


RITLUG elections are coming up! Do you think the current eboard sucks? Do you think the current eboard is great? Either way, you should vote! Friday, April 11th we will hold elections for eboard for the 2025-2026 school year. If you are interested in running for eboard, the Vice President and Secretary positions are currently unopposed, but you can also run for President or Treasurer.  Please let an eboard member know if you want to run.

Lightning talks will be held Friday, April 18th. For those who are unaware, lightning talks are a semesterly RITLUG tradition in which members give 5-6 minute talks about anything. Whether you have something you want to say, but don't have enough for a full talk, or you just want to tell us about something that interests you, lightning talks are a great opportunity. We've had talks about everything from secure boot to squigonometry.

Finally, RITLUG will be participating in Imagine RIT. The theme of our booth is everyday Linux systems. If you are interested in volunteering to help run the booth, please fill out this form:
https://forms.gle/4e5XJ7J5nEDovzo69

See you all on Friday,
Simon 
